Services Offered

1. Brokerage
	a. Client approaches to sell properties
	b. Give docs of properties: Title, Tax Declaration, Sketch Plan, Vicinity Map, Photos of property - Uploaded in the website
	c. Visits the property (optional) - take photos and advertise in our Facebook (now in the App)
	d. If photos are provided, they no longer need to visit the site
	e. Client prepares authority to sell form - can be done in the website and can also sign in the website.
	f. Once authority to sell is signed, the Company now can advertise in the site.
	e. Once an interested buyer chooses the property, he will be required to fill in a form about his info: Name, address, phone, email, and optional notes
	f. Once the interested buyer decides go and buy the property, the company will ask for "Earnest Money". He will fill-in an Earnest Money Agreement. NOTE: Not all sales require earnest money. So when advertising the property, it should have an indicator that an Earnest Money is required.
	g. Once earnest money is given, the seller and buyer will agree to meet in front of a notary public and with the broker present. Payment is usally cash basis or manager's check. Both the seller and the buyer will sign the Deed of Absolute Sale and will be notarised. 
	h. Once sale is done, the advertisement shall show it is now SOLD!

2. Property Appraisal
	a. Client goes to the website, fills up a form (Name, Address, Email, Phone, Location of property, Size-Area of Property (Floor area for building), Time of Build (for buildings only), Last major repair (date)). Upload documents: Title, Tax Declaration, and picture of property.
	b. Client will book for an appoint via the site's calendar. Company will confirm the booking and app will send a confirmation email to the client.
	c. Client will need to pay for a downpayent based on rates: Land only - 10,000, with Building another 10,000, every floor additional 5,000. 50% of the total rate shall be paid before going to the property for appraisal and the other 50% will be paid before the appraisal report is released. Report will be prepared via the site using a pro-forma. This rate will be advertised to the client's page. This only visible to the user who availed this service
	
3. Land Titling and Title Transfer
	a. Client goes to the website, fills up a form - Name, Address, Email, Phone, Location of property, Upload documents: Deed of Sale, Deed of conveyances, etc. - during upload, the document upload shall have a title and the actual PDF/JPG copy of the document - no limit of number of documents to upload.
	b. Make an appointment with the company via online calendar
	c. Schedule of rates to be displayed in the users page

4. Consultancy (advertise in page)
	a. Book an appointment via online calendar
	
